but if the amount is incredible and if
some deposits
and it's already 90 minutes of time and
start the spontaneous partners to
make theirs and the hand of the
rest because this one is going to sleep in the
rest boat worth it so
less would cause what happened when
reaches contract but if it continues
prepared
and when they enter this spontaneous type
one supposes that they go with the best
intention to just greet the
puma player
Well, this is not good in the field
and you have to finish the game like that
It has to end
they are pure doctors see them not
of chivas but it seems to be between
amateurs from america if you give the
Print
and the saddest thing is that we see over there
also the ladies to the children
scared
the criterion the criterion appealed to
regulation and did not allow them to return to
get in
and did not allow them to re-enter
footballers here and if it comes into play the
criterion
the same success although the tribune
cover
the parliament is over
here yes clear
because in the end the regulation time
are fulfilled
it was never noticed that the referee gave the
final whistle but you will see invasion of
court and this can subtract up
dangerous so the people of america and
of guarrate you do not have to start putting
speed to the matter because my countrymen
there was in las vegas
galindo and surely did the same thing
you comment that Ricardo Peláez did in the
rap surely came over to offer
an apology for that situation that
it was presented in the classic aquivaldo as
calmly and he began to give autographs
we're trapped gentlemen ended
preparation party in las vegas de
bullet to guadalajara at the last minute
Expires